I saw him humanity Rideau Yeah. But that fact, I get the language
Yes
If you hear the word scenario is not like there is some fun
I met a director and I like it because I like it so much.
I remember now is the husband's lady, and it is also part
I am after part 1 and part 1 of the doctor.
But wherever I go, spread my seed ,
We sent you another look at the whale Oh ssaljjak over the country Gunner
I do not really have any conscience.
In other words, I am writing to the army in the mouth.
I like it.
I just read it in the pelvis at night.
Yeah, you're just the idea that I should work because the carts so
I have a requirement that I have jogs, trust in my husband, everything is ground
This is what life is sketching you think oh what not leave you something foreign
This carefully so as eulssinyeon the exhaust Hill
The wig has just set the coach feathers and now the walks down
I'm a little annoyed with the housekeeping. Yes.
So what did you get off the hook like this so you got the bolt cap key
Just going to fall again (ⅱ)
That scene is the favorite going too heart
The father has to do is express Cine one axis every situation doengeot
I liked the pc too, so I started to do it now .
Yeah so now it's like another different jaryeom continue to laugh *
I have to do this, and I'm just saying
I just want to be able to do things like this .
When I looked at it, I figured out a couple of things, two and three.
The clerk should be able to fall as soon as I look at him.
So for example, I forgot a lot of great distress of the Apostles makeup that makes a nose
When I said that we have to yomankeum doejik mannagiman how to do it
What did you do?
And then I brought the hill to
I also, coming off its clearance by the body hot temperature injury and this is so
Just go in and take a few footsteps to freeze any camera and make that promise to Allah
I did it.
Well, he's got a really cool look.
There's only one Lyon.
What are you going to do with your handkerchief?
Director Ha Yeon-soo busy air should avoid white handkerchief when you do this, just saw
That's what you have .
But I think geuya what I've already fallen when the tip plate and viewers
I know it's coffee, but I can not put it in this white handkerchief.
What do you need ? The body will be ready for your hands.
You should do it anyway at once. Oh, yeah.
Yeah , put it in, Coral.
Indeed, let's get a little distance he was the 20 so called ah couple of glasses
I'm going to say I'm sick.
It's fulfilling and went had no apparent achieve perfect school 20'd forgotten
Geo. So we are. So we are .
Example
These are the things that have been born and have been taken by the body.
I do not have to stay home and be totally dead.
Only dc philosophy language is falling and vinyl is good and it 's now opium
Yes.
Bapal're going bapal early dew that just popped back stood there tying the waist
I was a little sore sy
Marie van body and then because that was very much quick money to foundation
I usually have some kind of idea
Maybe now I know it's here too .
Walk should not be enclosed at the waist and tied tight around the waist For Bill twice again adjusted
Andoeyo mothers how to tie more fun type does not know it now and then Sunny
I'm out so did the meticulous preparation that is acceptable as long as
I have come down to the footsteps.
How about walking, standing coming down according to the sky
How to sweat
Never